# MultiSiteDashboard

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 17.0.3.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The application will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via a platform of your choice. To use this command, you need to first add a package that implements end-to-end testing capabilities.

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI Overview and Command Reference](https://angular.io/cli) page.

## Screen display

All components should fit in 90% zoom on Chrome, on 22.9" display.

## Clarifications

1. Do we need to make each graph dynamic i.e. chart, histogram, pie chart?
2. Are the components displayed different for each site?
3. What are workers for?
4. Sales order to work order to RTD process
5. Why do we create customer in RPS?

## Architecture

- old MF services? .NET?
- websocket middleware (express JS)
- Why this architeture is because of HTTP CORS issue; most backend services are using HTTP, but dashboard is using HTTPS
- websocket is used to push data from rabbitMQ
- Get the list of APIs required
- Work order 2401120002, 2401120002.01, .02?

### Production tracking layer 1

1. Request list of sales order
2. Request list of RPS work order
3. Request the status of work order from RTD

RTD updates the workorder that is generated by RPS

1. Get SO from orderapp (latest 6)
2. Get WO from RPS (latest 6)
3. Get Processes from RTD based on the WOs retrieved in step 2

Work order table must match with sales order table

### Relationships

1 SO -> Many WOs
1 WO -> Many RTD Processes

Status of WO = completed RTD processes / total RTD processes
Status of SO = completed RTD processes for all WOs / total RTD processes for all WOs

## PoC

- MF: Wang li

## websocket-svc

- Required as operation dashboard is hosted in HTTPS, but requires data from HTTP APIs

## Changes

1. Fixed bug in navigation menu for dropzone hint
2. Removed paging in production tracking navigation

- Fixed size image in navigation
- Change factoy
- Clicking based on role
